docs(instrumentation-fastify): deprecate instrumentation in favor of @fastify/otel (#2651)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js-contrib: plugins/node/opentelemetry-instrumentation-fastify/README.md

[![NPM Published Version][npm-img]][npm-url]
[![Apache License][license-image]][license-image]

> [!IMPORTANT]
> This component is **deprecated** in favor of the official instrumentation package [`@fastify/otel`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@fastify/otel), maintained by the Fastify authors.
> Please see [here](https://github.com/fastify/otel?tab=readme-ov-file#usage) for instructions on how to use `@fastify/otel`.
>

> > We will stop publishing new versions of `@opentelemetry/instrumentation-fastify` on March 25, 2025.

Author: ```suggestion
> We will stop publishing new versions of `@opentelemetry/instrumentation-fastify` on June 30, 2025.
```

> This module provides automatic instrumentation for the [`fastify`](https://www.fastify.io/) module, which may be loaded using the [`@opentelemetry/sdk-trace-node`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/main/packages/opentelemetry-sdk-trace-node) package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module provides automatic instrumentation for the [`fastify`](https://www.fastify.dev/) module, which may be loaded using the [`@opentelemetry/sdk-trace-node`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/tree/main/packages/opentelemetry-sdk-trace-node) package.
```
